{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\f0\fs22
\par\keepn\b\fs36 NEXA POS System User Manual\b0\fs22\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs30 1. Overview\b0\fs22\par
\par
NEXA POS is an offline-ready point-of-sale and inventory system for retail stores. It supports:\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Admin and cashier workspaces\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Barcode-based sales and inventory scanning\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Cash and GCash payments\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Product, category, stock, and staff management\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Refunds, exchanges, voids, and receipt reprinting\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Reports, transaction history, audit logs, and activity logs\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Local offline operation with queued cloud synchronization\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Database backups, restore, and maintenance checks\par\pard
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs30 2. Getting Started\b0\fs22\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 2.1 Choose a workspace\b0\fs22\par
\par
On the role-selection screen, choose:\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Admin for products, inventory, staff, analytics, logs, settings, and data administration.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Cashier for sales, payments, receipts, returns, and shift operations.\par\pard
\par
The connection indicator shows whether the terminal is online, offline, or synchronizing. Offline does not mean that local work is lost; supported changes are stored on the terminal and uploaded when a connection returns.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 2.2 Admin login\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 1. Select Continue as Admin.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 2. Enter the admin email and password, or select an available quick-login profile.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 3. Select Login.\par\pard
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 2.3 Cashier login\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 1. Select Open Cashier POS.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 2. Choose Barcode or Email.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 3. Scan or enter the cashier barcode, or enter the cashier email and password.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 4. Complete the login.\par\pard
\par
Offline cashier login works only after that cashier profile has been downloaded to the terminal while online.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs30 3. Admin Workspace\b0\fs22\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 3.1 Dashboard\b0\fs22\par
\par
The dashboard is the main operational overview. Use the source and date filters to separate live POS activity from legacy or test data. Depending on available records, it shows:\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Today's sales, transaction count, average sale, and payment totals\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Critical and out-of-stock products\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Inventory health\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Recent transactions\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Top products and categories\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Seven-day sales movement\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Data-quality and synchronization warnings\par\pard
\par
Dashboard cards and quick actions open the related administration pages.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 3.2 Product Management\b0\fs22\par
\par
Use Product Management to:\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Add and edit products\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Create and assign categories\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Set barcodes, prices, stock limits, and selling units\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Archive or delete products\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Export or print the inventory catalog\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Review missing barcodes, uncategorized items, invalid prices, negative inventory, and duplicate barcodes\par\pard
\par
The list displays 20 products at a time. Use See more products to load another group. Search and filters apply before additional products are loaded.\par
\par
Available sorting includes:\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Name A\u8211?Z or Z\u8211?A\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Stock low to high or high to low\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Product stock status\par\pard
\par
#### Product status\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab In Stock: quantity is above the configured low-stock level.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Low Stock: quantity is at or below the configured low-stock level.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Critical Stock: only a very small quantity remains.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Out of Stock: quantity is zero.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Archived: hidden from normal selling and active-product views but retained for historical records.\par\pard
\par
Prefer archiving a product that appears in transaction history. Delete only incorrect or unused records.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 3.3 Inventory\b0\fs22\par
\par
#### Stock In\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 1. Open Inventory.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 2. Scan or search for the product.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 3. Select the correct unit.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 4. Enter the received quantity.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 5. Review the base-unit equivalent when multiple units are configured.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 6. Confirm the stock entry.\par\pard
\par
#### Stock Out\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 1. Open Inventory and choose the stock-out workflow.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 2. Scan or search for the product.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 3. Select the unit and quantity being removed.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 4. Enter the reason when requested.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 5. Confirm the stock-out entry.\par\pard
\par
#### Physical Reconciliation / Stock Adjustment\par
\par
Use reconciliation when a physical count differs from the quantity stored in NEXA POS. Do not use it for normal purchases or sales.\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 1. Open Inventory > Physical Reconciliation.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 2. Select the product.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 3. Enter the actual physical count.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 4. Select an adjustment reason and add a useful note.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 5. Review the system quantity, physical quantity, and variance.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 6. Approve the adjustment.\par\pard
\par
The adjustment changes the quantity to the physical count and records the previous quantity, new quantity, variance, reason, user, and time. When offline, it remains queued until synchronization succeeds.\par
\par
Recommended reasons include damaged stock, expired stock, counting correction, supplier discrepancy, or shrinkage. Investigate large or repeated variances rather than repeatedly adjusting them without explanation.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 3.4 Staff and Cashier Management\b0\fs22\par
\par
Admins can add, edit, activate, or deactivate cashier and manager accounts. Cashier barcodes may be generated for quick login.\par
\par
To add or replace a staff profile picture, open the staff record, select the picture area, choose an image, and save the changes. Staff records created on older terminals remain compatible after current data is downloaded. If a terminal reports that a staff ID is missing, refresh Staff Management and synchronize before trying again.\par
\par
Cashier permissions include:\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Process sales\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Reprint receipts\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Request refunds\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Request exchanges\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Request transaction voids\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Record cash in/out\par\pard
\par
Disabling a permission removes that function from the cashier. Protected actions still require manager approval even when the cashier has permission to request them.\par
\par
After changing staff details or permissions, synchronize and refresh offline data on every terminal that needs the updated access.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 3.5 Analytics, Transactions, Audit, and Activity Logs\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Analytics shows sales and inventory trends and can be filtered by date and data source.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Transaction Logs contains completed, voided, refunded, and adjusted sales where available. Its main filters cover receipt or barcode search, date, customer, product, and category. Select Advanced Filters for cashier, payment method, amount range, action, and status. Filters can be combined, removed individually from the filter chips, cleared together, or saved as reusable presets.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Transaction results can be sorted by date, total, customer, or cashier. Open a row for the full item and payment breakdown. The Product Summary and Category Summary tabs show filtered quantity and revenue totals, while the GCash Payments tab isolates electronic-payment records.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Audit is used for protected or business-sensitive events.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Activity Logs records system actions such as logins, product changes, stock adjustments, and sales activity.\par\pard
\par
Use All Time when older records do not appear under the default date filter. Export options create a file from the currently available report data.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs30 4. Cashier Workspace\b0\fs22\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 4.1 Process a sale\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 1. Scan a barcode or search for a product.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 2. Select the correct selling unit when prompted.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 3. Adjust the quantity if needed.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 4. Review the cart and totals.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 5. Select Complete Transaction.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 6. Choose Cash, GCash, or Split and enter the required payment information.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 7. Press Enter to continue to Customer Name.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 8. Enter an optional customer name, or leave the field blank for Walk-in Customer, then press Enter.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 9. Follow the on-screen change and cash-drawer prompts using Enter.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 10. Press Enter at the receipt step to print.\par\pard
\par
The system prevents a sale when there is not enough available stock for the selected unit.\par
\par
#### Keyboard-first product search\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Use the configured Search Product shortcut to focus product search.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Type part of a product name, barcode, or selling unit.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Press Down Arrow or Up Arrow to move through results. The list scrolls automatically and skips out-of-stock products.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Press Home or End to jump to the first or last available result.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Press Enter to select the highlighted product.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Press Escape to clear search and return to barcode scanning.\par\pard
\par
Dialogs automatically focus the first relevant input. In most cashier dialogs, Enter activates the primary OK, Proceed, Confirm, or Continue action; Escape cancels or returns; and Tab or Shift+Tab moves between controls without leaving the dialog. A focused button also responds to Enter normally.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 4.2 Receipts\b0\fs22\par
\par
Completed receipts are stored in transaction history. A cashier with receipt-reprint permission can open a transaction and print another copy.\par
\par
When a customer name was entered, it appears on printed receipts, PDF copies, reprints, transaction details, and exports. Walk-in transactions omit the customer line on the printed receipt and appear as Walk-in in Transaction Logs.\par
\par
Thermal receipt printers receive ESC/POS output. If a Windows virtual PDF printer such as Microsoft Print to PDF is selected, NEXA POS automatically uses its PDF generator instead of sending thermal-printer commands. Existing zero-byte PDF files cannot be repaired; generate the receipt again after correcting or updating the printer configuration.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 4.3 Refunds and exchanges\b0\fs22\par
\par
Refunds, exchanges, and voids require the related cashier permission and manager authorization.\par
\par
For a refund or exchange, choose the returned-item disposition:\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Return to available stock for unopened or sellable merchandise.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Do not restock (damaged/expired) when the item must not be sold again.\par\pard
\par
The selected disposition is saved with the adjustment. Never return damaged, expired, contaminated, or incomplete goods to available inventory.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 4.4 Cash flow and shift closing\b0\fs22\par
\par
Use Cash Flow to record authorized cash-in and cash-out activity. At the end of a shift:\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 1. Finish or cancel any open sale.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 2. Review completed transactions and expected cash.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 3. Count the drawer.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 4. Record the closing information and print any required shift report.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 5. Synchronize pending changes when a connection is available.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 6. Log out.\par\pard
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs30 5. Offline Operation and Synchronization\b0\fs22\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 5.1 Prepare a terminal for offline use\b0\fs22\par
\par
While connected to the network:\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 1. Open Settings > Offline Readiness.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 2. Select Download Latest Data for Offline Use.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 3. Confirm the terminal, product catalog, categories, staff login profiles, and manager approval methods are available.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 4. Select Run Offline Self-Test.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 5. Confirm the result says Ready for Offline Use.\par\pard
\par
Offline Data Incomplete means one or more required items have not been cached or the self-test has not passed. Review the failed step, reconnect, download again, and repeat the test.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 5.2 Working offline\b0\fs22\par
\par
When offline:\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Cached products remain searchable and sellable.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Authorized staff can use cached login methods.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Sales, stock changes, returns, and supported logs are stored locally.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab The status bar shows that uploads are waiting for a connection.\par\pard
\par
Do not clear browser/app data or uninstall the application while changes are pending. Doing so can remove unsynchronized local records.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 5.3 Sync Center\b0\fs22\par
\par
Select Sync to Cloud to open Sync Center. It shows waiting, failed, and conflicting local changes.\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Retry All retries pending and failed uploads.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Use Cloud, Use Local, or Review Fields resolves a data conflict.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Discard and Discard Failed Products remove obsolete failed product changes and their local cached copies.\par\pard
\par
Discard is intended for products that were deliberately removed from PocketBase or for unwanted test products. It does not recreate the cloud record and cannot be undone. Never discard sales, stock movements, or legitimate client changes merely to remove a warning.\par
\par
When the queue reaches zero, the interface updates to Everything is synchronized.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 5.4 Local cache maintenance\b0\fs22\par
\par
Use Settings > Offline Readiness > Local Cache Maintenance only when cached terminal data is stale or troubleshooting requires a fresh local copy. You can reset the product and category cache, cached staff access, cached receipts, old sync status, or all terminal cache data.\par
\par
Before a reset:\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 1. Open Sync to Cloud and confirm there are no waiting, failed, or conflicting changes.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 2. Stay online if the product or staff cache must be downloaded again immediately.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 3. Select the smallest reset scope that addresses the problem.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 4. Enter the exact confirmation RESET TERMINAL.\par\pard
\par
The reset does not delete PocketBase cloud records, the terminal identity, printer settings, or application preferences. Product and staff reset options automatically download a fresh offline copy when the terminal is online. The application refuses to reset local data while sales or synchronization operations remain queued.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs30 6. Data Administration\b0\fs22\par
\par
Open Settings > Data Administration for legacy import monitoring, backups, restore, and maintenance checks.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 6.1 Legacy import monitor\b0\fs22\par
\par
The monitor shows the import mode, planned products and sales, and completion state. Incomplete / stopped means an import did not reach its normal completion marker; it does not automatically mean imported records are corrupt. Review the import output and recent errors before rerunning it.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 6.2 Backups\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Run Scheduled Backup applies the configured automatic-backup policy.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Create Backup creates a manual PocketBase backup.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Automatic backups run at the displayed interval and retain the displayed number of files.\par\pard
\par
Create a backup before imports, bulk cleanup, schema changes, or major catalog corrections. Backup controls require the local API service and a reachable PocketBase server.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 6.3 Restore\b0\fs22\par
\par
Restore replaces current PocketBase data with the selected backup.\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 1. Ensure all terminals have synchronized or stopped entering data.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 2. Select the correct backup.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 3. Enter the exact confirmation requested by the screen.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 4. Restore and allow PocketBase to restart.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 5. Reopen the application and download current offline data to each terminal.\par\pard
\par
Records created after the selected backup may be lost. Restore only with administrator authorization.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 6.4 Database maintenance report\b0\fs22\par
\par
The maintenance report checks for duplicate barcodes, invalid prices, invalid stock, uncategorized products, and orphaned sale items. It is read-only and does not automatically modify records. Create a backup before making bulk corrections.\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs30 7. Troubleshooting\b0\fs22\par
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 Dashboard or another page remains on Loading\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 1. Check the connection indicator.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 2. Wait for any current synchronization to finish.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 3. Navigate away and return once.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 4. Restart the application if the page remains stuck.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 5. Run the offline self-test and contact support if the problem repeats.\par\pard
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 Cannot log in offline\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Reconnect and download the latest offline data.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Confirm the staff account is active.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Confirm the terminal has a cached login profile.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab For protected actions, confirm a manager or authorization barcode is cached.\par\pard
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 Barcode does not scan\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Confirm the scanner is connected and sending keyboard input.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Clean or reprint unreadable labels.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Type the barcode manually.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Confirm the barcode belongs to the correct product and selling unit.\par\pard
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 Inventory is incorrect\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Review recent stock and transaction logs.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Confirm the correct selling-unit conversion was used.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Perform a physical count.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Use Physical Reconciliation with a reason and note when an adjustment is justified.\par\pard
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 Sync remains failed\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Open Sync Center and read the error on the failed record.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Correct missing fields such as price or category, then retry.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Confirm the cloud server is reachable and the user is still authorized.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Discard a failed product operation only when the cloud product was intentionally deleted or the local record is unwanted test data.\par\pard
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 Backup request fails\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Start the local API service if it is not running.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Confirm PocketBase is reachable and the administrator credentials are configured.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Retry after a rate-limit or temporary hosting error has cleared.\par\pard
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 Receipt does not print\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Confirm the printer is powered on and connected.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Check the selected printer and paper size.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Confirm a physical thermal printer is selected for normal receipt printing.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab For a soft copy, use the PDF receipt action or a supported PDF printer. Do not expect an older zero-byte PDF to open; generate it again.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Reopen the transaction and use receipt reprint if permitted.\par\pard
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs26 Product search does not follow the highlighted result\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Keep focus in the Search Product field while using Up Arrow and Down Arrow.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Use Home or End to jump within the result list.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Out-of-stock products are skipped during keyboard selection.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Press Escape, refocus Search Product, and try again if another dialog took focus.\par\pard
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs30 8. Daily Best Practices\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Synchronize and run the offline readiness check before opening the store.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Keep product names, barcodes, categories, prices, and unit conversions accurate.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Use Stock In and Stock Out for normal movement; reserve reconciliation for verified count differences.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Record a clear reason for refunds, voids, exchanges, and stock adjustments.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Review failed synchronization items before closing the shift.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Create backups before imports, cleanup, or structural changes.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Never share admin, manager, or authorization credentials.\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Do not use production client data for automated end-to-end testing.\par\pard
\par
\par\keepn\b\fs30 9. Support\b0\fs22\par
\par
When contacting support, provide:\par
\par
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Terminal name and ID\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Date and approximate time of the problem\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Current online/offline and sync status\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab The exact error message\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab Transaction number, product name, or barcode involved\par\pard
\pard\li360\fi-180 \bullet\tab A screenshot that does not expose passwords or private credentials\par\pard
\par
}